Machine Learning in Data AnalysisWhat is Data Analysis? Data Analysis is the process of systematically applying statistical and/or logical techniques to describe and illustrate, condense and recap, and evaluate data. (1.)Different types of Data Analysis (2.)	Text Analysis or Data Mining-looking through large data sets using databases to extract and examine data.		Statistical Analysis- “What Happened”Takes previous data from the past and interprets it to apply to new situations. Can be broken down further with Decriptive analysis (mean and deviation for summarized numerical data) and Inferential Analysis (which looks and a sample of complete data to draw conclusions.)	Diagnostic Analysis-“Why did it Happen” Used to identify  behavior patterns in the data. 	Predictive Analysis- “What is likely to Happen. Uses previous data to predict future outcomes. 	Machine Learing (3.)	Machine-learning algorithms use statistics to find patterns in massive* amounts of data. And data, here, encompasses a lot of things—numbers, words, images, clicks, what have you. If it can be digitally stored, it can be fed into a machine-learning algorithm.Using Machine Learning with Data Analysis “Machine learning is the process that powers many of the services we use today—recommendation systems like those on Netflix, YouTube, and Spotify; search engines like Google and Baidu; social-media feeds like Facebook and Twitter; voice assistants like Siri and Alexa. The list goes on.In all of these instances, each platform is collecting as much data about you as possible—what genres you like watching, what links you are clicking, which statuses you are reacting to—and using machine learning to make a highly educated guess about what you might want next. Or, in the case of a voice assistant, about which words match best with the funny sounds coming out of your mouth.”Other data mining applications include predicting customer purchase behavior, customer retention, and the quality of goods produced by a particular manufacturing line (see Figure 3). All are applications for which data mining has been applied successfully and in which further research promises even more effective techniques. The State of the Artand BeyondThe field of data mining is at an interesting crossroads; we now have a first generation of machine learning algorithms (such as those for learning decision trees, rules, neural networks, Bayesian net- works, and logistic regressions) that have been demonstrated to be of significant value in a variety of real-world data mining applications. Dozens of companies around the world now provide commercial implementations of these algorithms (see www. along with efficient interfaces to Citations1. Data Analysis, Illinois Data Managment, ori.hhs.gov/education/products/n_illinois_u/datamanagement/datopic.html. 2. “What Is Data Analysis? Types, Process, Methods, Techniques.” Guru99, Guru 99, www.guru99.com/what-is-data-analysis.html. 3. Hao, Karen. “What Is Machine Learning?” MIT Technology Review, MIT Technology Review, 2 Apr. 2020, www.technologyreview.com/2018/11/17/103781/what-is-machine-learning-we-drew-you-another-flowchart/. 4. Mitchell, Tom M. "Machine learning and data mining." Communications of the ACM 42.11 (1999): 30-36.